PoC for a ProcessorMixin class (#15549)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/main_classes/processors.mdx

# Processors

> Processors can mean two different things in the Transformers library:

Reviewer: Nice!

Reviewer 2: Thanks for reworking this part of the docs!

> - the objects that pre-process inputs for multi-modal models such as [Wav2Wec2](../model_doc/wa2vec2) (speech and text)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- the objects that pre-process inputs for multi-modal models such as [Wav2Vec2](../model_doc/wav2vec2) (speech and text)
```

  or [CLIP](../model_doc/clip) (text and vision)
- deprecated objects that were used in older versions of the library to preprocess data for GLUE or SQUAD.

## Multi-modal processors

> Any multi-modal model will require an object to encode or decode the data that groups several modalities (among text,
> vision and speech). This is handled by objects called processors, which group tokenizer (for the text modaility) and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Any multi-modal model will require an object to encode or decode the data that groups several modalities (among text,
vision and audio). This is handled by objects called processors, which group tokenizer (for the text modality) and
```
For me, speech is only one type of audio.

> vision and speech). This is handled by objects called processors, which group tokenizer (for the text modaility) and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
vision and speech). This is handled by objects called processors, which group tokenizers (for the text modaility) and
```

> feature extractors (for vision and speech).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
feature extractors (for vision and audio).
```
